Implement various wiki changes for `4.1` release (#4659)
foundryvtt/dnd5e: wiki/FAQ.md

## How to create Spell Scrolls
There are two ways to create a Spell Scroll from a spell, either by using the Right Click context menu and using the "Create Scroll" option or by dragging a Spell onto an Actor's Inventory tab. A dialog will be displayed with options as to what description should be shown and what levels the spell should be created at (defaults to the spell's base level). A reference to the spell scroll rules or their entire text from the SRD rules will be added to the spell's description.

## What are the plans for the 2024 rulebook releases?

> In Foundry publishes a official premium modules for the updated [Player's Handbook](http://foundryvtt.com/packages/dnd-players-handbook) and [Dungeon Master's Guide](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/dnd-dungeon-masters-guide), and the upcoming [Monster Manual](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/dnd-monster-manual) is available for pre-order. Until the revised SRD is published in 2025 this will be the only way to access pre-made content from the new rulebooks in the system. Once the revised SRD is made available the content will be added to the system in the same way the SRD 5.1 content is currently available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Foundry published an official premium module for the updated [Player's Handbook](http://foundryvtt.com/packages/dnd-players-handbook) and [Dungeon Master's Guide](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/dnd-dungeon-masters-guide), and the upcoming [Monster Manual](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/dnd-monster-manual) is available for pre-order. Until the revised SRD is published in 2025 this will be the only way to access pre-made content from the new rulebooks in the system. Once the revised SRD is made available, the content will be added to the system in the same way the SRD 5.1 content is currently available.
```

Reviewer: So it's settled that the system will package both the legacy and new SRD?

Author: Nope, didn't touch that language.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The current Dungeons & Dragons 5th Edition system will remain compatible with all content based on both the 2014 and the 2024 rulebook update.

For the places where the 2024 rules and 2014 rules are mutually exclusive, there is a system setting that allows for toggling between them:

![Rules Version Setting](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/foundryvtt/dnd5e/publish-wiki/wiki/images/settings/rules-version.jpg)

This rule affects a number of things in the system including:

>  - DC 30 cap on concentration checks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - DC 30 cap on concentration saving throws
```

 - Exhaustion effects
 - Recovered hit dice on a Long Rest
 - Alert adding to initiative rolls
 - Jack of All Trades applying to initiative
 - Remarkable Athlete effect
 - Former Half Progression for spell slots that rounds down
 - Initial DC & attack to hit for player-crafted spell scrolls

>  - Language organization && presence of "Common Sign Language"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Language organization & presence of "Common Sign Language"
```
